Refactor docs (#156)
rstudio/rstudio-docker-products: package-manager/README.md

   update at times or use your own build of the images.
1. These images are meant as a starting point for your needs. Consider creating a fork of this repo, where you can
   continue to merge in changes we make while having your own security scanning, base OS in use, or other custom
   changes. We
   provide [instructions for building](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products#instructions-for-building) for
   these cases.

#### Simple Example

To verify basic functionality as a first step:

```bash
# Replace with valid license
export RSPM_LICENSE=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX

# Run without persistent data and using default configuration
docker run -it --privileged \
    -p 4242:4242 \
    -e RSPM_LICENSE=$RSPM_LICENSE \
    rstudio/rstudio-package-manager:latest
```

Open [http://localhost:4242](http://localhost:4242) to access RStudio Package Manager UI.

For a more "real" deployment, continue reading!

#### Overview

Note that running the RStudio Package Manager Docker image requires the container to run using the `--privileged` flag
and a valid RStudio Package Manager license.

This container includes:

1. R 3.6.1
1. RStudio Package Manager

> > NOTE: Package Manager is currently not very particular about R version. So changing R version is rarely necessary

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> NOTE: Package Manager is currently not very particular about R version. Changing the R version is rarely necessary.
```

#### Configuration

RStudio Package Manager is configured via the`/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg` file. You should mount this file as
a volume from the host machine. Changes will take effect when the container is restarted.

Be sure the config file has these fields:

- `Server.DataDir` set to `/data/`
- `HTTP.Listen`

See a complete example of that file at `pacakge-manager/rstudio-connect.gcfg`.

#### Persistent Data

In order to persist Package Manager data between container restarts configure RSC `Server.DataDir` option to go to
a persistent volume. The included configuration file expects a persistent volume from the host machine or your docker

> orchestration system to be available at /data. Should you wish to move this to a different path, you can change the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
orchestration system to be available at `/data`. Should you wish to move this to a different path, you can change the
```

> Server.DataDir option.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`Server.DataDir` option.
```

```

Open [http://localhost:4242](http://localhost:4242) to access RStudio Package Manager UI.

For a more "real" deployment, continue reading!

#### Overview

Note that running the RStudio Package Manager Docker image requires the container to run using the `--privileged` flag
and a valid RStudio Package Manager license.

This container includes:

1. R 3.6.1
3. RStudio Package Manager

#### Configuration

RStudio Package Manager is configured via the`/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg` file. You should mount this file as
a volume from the host machine. Changes will take effect when the container is restarted.

Be sure the config file has these fields:

- `Server.DataDir` set to `/data/`
- `HTTP.Listen`

See a complete example of that file at `pacakge-manager/rstudio-connect.gcfg`.

#### Persistent Data

In order to persist RSPM package data data between container restarts configure RSPM `Server.DataDir` option to `/data`
and share the `/data` directory
with a persistent volume in the host machine or your docker orchestration system.

#### Licensing

Using the RStudio Package Manager docker image requires to have a valid License. You can set the RSC license in three ways:

> 1. Setting the `RSPM_LICENSE` environment variable to a valid license key

Author: ```suggestion
1. Setting the `RSPM_LICENSE` environment variable to a valid license key inside the container
```

> 2. Setting the `RSPM_LICENSE_SERVER` environment variable to a valid license server / port

Author: ```suggestion
2. Setting the `RSPM_LICENSE_SERVER` environment variable to a valid license server / port inside the container
```

   update at times or use your own build of the images.
1. These images are meant as a starting point for your needs. Consider creating a fork of this repo, where you can
   continue to merge in changes we make while having your own security scanning, base OS in use, or other custom
   changes. We
   provide [instructions for building](https://github.com/rstudio/rstudio-docker-products#instructions-for-building) for
   these cases.

#### Simple Example

To verify basic functionality as a first step:

```bash
# Replace with valid license
export RSPM_LICENSE=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX

# Run without persistent data and using default configuration
docker run -it --privileged \
    -p 4242:4242 \
    -e RSPM_LICENSE=$RSPM_LICENSE \
    rstudio/rstudio-package-manager:latest
```

Open [http://localhost:4242](http://localhost:4242) to access RStudio Package Manager UI.

For a more "real" deployment, continue reading!

#### Overview

Note that running the RStudio Package Manager Docker image requires the container to run using the `--privileged` flag
and a valid RStudio Package Manager license.

This container includes:

> 1. R 3.6.1

Reviewer: Make a note that the R version doesn't *really* matter, so even if they're replacing R versions for RSW, RSC, they probably don't for RSPM?

3. RStudio Package Manager

#### Configuration

> The configuration of RStudio Package Manager is made on the `/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg` file, mount this file as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
RStudio Package Manager is configured via the`/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg` file. You should mount this file in
```

> volume with an external file on the host machine to change the configuration and restart the container for changes to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a volume on the host machine. Changes will take effect when the container is restarted.
```

> take effect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Be sure the config file has this fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure the config file has these fields:
```

- `Server.DataDir` set to `/data/`
- `HTTP.Listen`

See a complete example of that file at `pacakge-manager/rstudio-connect.gcfg`.

#### Persistent Data

In order to persist RSPM package data data between container restarts configure RSPM `Server.DataDir` option to `/data`
and share the `/data` directory

> with a persistent volume in the host machine or your docker orchestration system.

Reviewer: Same comment as for RSC

> #### Licensing

Reviewer: Same Qs as RSC

| `RSPM_LICENSE_SERVER` | Floating license server, format should be: `my.url.com:port` | None |

#### Ports

| Variable | Description |
|-----|---|
| `4242` | Default HTTP Port for RStudio Package Manager |

#### Example usage

```bash
# Replace with valid license
export RSPM_LICENSE=XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX-XXXX

# Run without persistent data and using an external configuration
docker run -it --privileged \
    -p 4242:4242 \
    -v $PWD/package-manager/rstudio-pm.gcfg:/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg \
    -e RSPM_LICENSE=$RSPM_LICENSE \
    rstudio/rstudio-package-manager:latest

# Run with persistent data and using an external configuration
docker run -it --privileged \
    -p 4242:4242 \
    -v $PWD/data/rspm:/data \
    -v $PWD/package-manager/rstudio-pm.gcfg:/etc/rstudio-pm/rstudio-pm.gcfg \
    -e RSPM_LICENSE=$RSPM_LICENSE \
    rstudio/rstudio-package-manager:latest
```

Open [http://localhost:4242](http://localhost:4242) to access RStudio Package Manager UI.

To create repositories you need to access the container directly and execute some commands.
To do this find the container ID for RSPM (using `docker ps`) and run:

```

> docker exec -it {container-id} /bin/bash

Reviewer: Do we want to take responsibility for this? Should we just link to a "how to SSH into a docker container article?"

Author: I feel like it is a pretty simple and useful example to have in one place rather than having to switch context. Anything more complex would probably need a link to a separate article. We don't want to be super redundant, but we also want to give pointers to the bare minimum needed to get things functional.

I can't tell you how many times I have been lost on the web looking for "how do I do this simple thing that everyone takes for granted, but nobody documents and I am unaware of because I'm new to this"

```

Then please refer to the [RSPM guide](https://docs.rstudio.com/rspm/admin/) on how
to [create and manage](https://docs.rstudio.com/rspm/admin/getting-started/configuration/) your repositories. For

> example to serve CRAN:

Reviewer: I think we should just link to the RSPM admin guide for any RSPM commands.
